docs: Update monitoring documentation (#2498)
kyma-project/lifecycle-manager: docs/contributor/09-metrics.md

# Lifecycle Manager Metrics

> Lifecycle Manager metrics are exposed over port `8080` through the metrics endpoint `/metrics`.

Reviewer: Is the information enough for the operators to know how to access the metrics?

Reviewer: It is fine for me, I just wanted to make sure :)

|------------------------------------------|----------------|---------------------------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | `lifecycle_mgr_requeue_reason_total`     | Counter Vector | `requeue_reason`<br/>`requeue_type`                               | Indicates the requeue reason of the Lifecycle Manager [reconcilers](02-controllers.md#controllers).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |

Reviewer: Reconcilers are not mentioned directly under the link. Did you mean to link to the **Requeuing the Kyma CR** section? 

```suggestion
| `lifecycle_mgr_requeue_reason_total`     | Counter Vector | `requeue_reason`<br/>`requeue_type`                               | Indicates the requeue reason of the Lifecycle Manager reconcilers. See [Requeuing the Kyma CR](02-controllers.md#requeuing-the-kyma-cr).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |
```

Author: No I mean all the lifecycle manager controllers. The link opens correctly for me

Reviewer: Probably the same as below, you meant this exact link, so maybe this could work better:

```suggestion
| `lifecycle_mgr_requeue_reason_total`     | Counter Vector | `requeue_reason`<br/>`requeue_type`                               | Indicates the requeue reason of the Lifecycle Manager reconcilers. See [Controllers](02-controllers.md#controllers).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |
```

| `reconcile_duration_seconds`             | Gauge Vector   | `manifest_name`                                                 | Indicates the duration of a Manifest CR reconciliation in seconds.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |

> | `lifecycle_mgr_purgectrl_time`           | Gauge          |                                                               | Indicates the average duration of [purge reconciliation](02-controllers.md#purge-controller).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `lifecycle_mgr_purgectrl_time`           | Gauge          |                                                               | Indicates the average duration of purge reconciliation. See [Purge Controller](02-controllers.md#purge-controller).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            |
```

| `lifecycle_mgr_maintenance_window_config_read_success`    | Gauge          |                                                               | Indicates whether the maintenance window configuration was read successfully.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |

The metrics are grouped by the following labels:

> - `requeue_reason`: Indicates the reason for the requeue of the Lifecycle Manager [reconcilers](02-controllers.md#controllers). The reasons include if there is a specific error, or the reason for the synchronization between the KCP and SKR clusters.

Reviewer: Reconcilers are not mentioned directly under the link. Did you mean to link to the Requeuing the Kyma CR section?
```suggestion
- `requeue_reason`: Indicates the reason for the requeue of the Lifecycle Manager reconcilers. See [Requeuing the Kyma CR](02-controllers.md#requeuing-the-kyma-cr). The reasons include a specific error or the reason for the synchronization between the KCP and SKR clusters.

Author: No I mean all the lifecycle manager controllers. The link opens correctly for me

Reviewer: Ok, I see. It is the mismatch between the name under the link and the name in the text that might be misleading.
```suggestion
- `requeue_reason`: Indicates the reason for the Lifecycle Manager reconcilers' requeue. See [Controllers](02-controllers.md#controllers). The reasons describe a specific error and/or the reason for the synchronization between the KCP and SKR clusters.
```

- `err_reason`: The error reason for the purge reconciler. The possible values are `PurgeFinalizerRemovalError` and `CleanupError`.
- `manifest_name`: The name of the Manifest CR.

## Dashboards

> The above-mentioned metrics are visualized using Grafana and grouped into four dashboards:

Reviewer: How to access the dashboards?

Reviewer: Do you know if the operators know the links or how to find them?

Reviewer: Ok, I will follow up with them :)
